LFE dev. research (also peer/mentor interview) qustions:

	SENSORS:
		Data sampling rate -> we will use at least 10KHz (enough for combust-instability)
		Most important measured quantities & locations
		embedded thermocouple at throat somehow?
		reccomended pressure transducer make/model for chamber?
		standpipe design for LOX dome transducer
		ignition dection? How do you do it in your setup?
	
	PLUMBING:
		philospohy for threads, seals, fittings selection
			->"AN, SealLok, MS straight thread" SAE standards for boss, ports and threads
		what is your run valves actuation time -> how does this affect your sequencing approach?
		have you encountered problems with regulator droop for pressurant?
		are you using any baffeling or pressurant diffusers to avoid 2-phase flow (esp. LOX side)?
		prop tank pressure relief valves Cv > regulator Cv (in case of reg fail open or just burst disk)?
		actuated ball valves on tanks for both pressure relief/sys safing and draining?
		fill level detection for LOX?
		what tank insulation do you use? is there a standard for this?
		leak test? low gas pressure & snoop? another procedure?
		is there a restrictor orrifice to the ignitor GOX heat exchanger?
	
	FMEA:
		how do you approach FMEA systematically (do you have idustry mentors for high press. LOX sys)?
	
	ENGINE CONTROLLER:
		what defined exceptions do you use that trigger auto-shutdown and pad safing?
			->what sensors and limiting values do you use for this? (thrust, chamber pressure, injector pressure, tank pressure?)
		how many sensor channels? what DAQ used? issues?
	
	OPS:
		what is your procedure for LOX filling
		any non-obvious safety procedures you've learned the hard way?
		what is your nitrogen purge procedure like for the LOX side (how long do you flow for)?
		any non-obvious regulatory issues encountered?
	
	INJECTOR:
		injector cold flow tests -> quantifying atomization
		
	COMBUSTION CHAMBER DESIGN:
		frozen flow is more conservative, so we use that (is equilibrium more justified for larger engines?)
		
	DOWN THE ROAD:
		flight weighting LOX valve/actuators?
		why did you go with the welded tanks? why not in-houe fab w/ machined walls and bolted endcaps?
		what are you doing in terms of slosh/vortex baffeling?
		open question: is there a better way of doing hardware configuration control than git?
		
	TOTALLY UNRELATED:
		A dedicated web person who understnads Jekyll and git would be good
		
		
		
		